# Pymaceuticals
To get a full scope analysis of all mice studied and drug regimen used, I merged both "mouse metadata" and "study results" to include all rows. This allowed me to create the ensuing dataframes including capturing the mean, median variance, standard deviation and Standard Error of Mean (SEM) of the tumor for each drug regimen. This summary was used to generate the plots and charts. The ones used included bar and pie charts in pyplot and DataFrame.plot for each respective chart.  In an effort to generate effective boxplot, line, and scatter plots, I captured relevant information needed to display quartiles and outliers for each Mouse per drug regimen. The four treatment regimens observed were Capomulin, Ramicane, Infubinol and Cetamin. DataFrames were created for each therapy containing data exclusively for each drug. For each regimen, I used the "Drug Regimen" column of the clean, unique dataframe and grouped the column with other relevant info from each respective drug therapy Dataframe including "Mouse ID" and "TimePoint." I retained the tumor volume for each drug and was able to calcule quartiles, outliers (lower q and upper q) and IQR (interquartile) values. These values were used in showcasing tumor volume for each treatment in the form of a boxplot. Line and scatter plots were also created capturing data spcifc to the medication "Capomulin" for mice with the ID l509. Lastly, the Correlation and regression were established for the Capomulin therapy, showing the correlation between mouse weight and average tumor volume. Additionally, using st.linregress, I retrieved the linregress values (slope, intercept, rvalue, pvalue and stderr). After obtaining the slope and intercept, I was able to leverage this and display the regression of the data with a line slope generated in the scatter plot. 
# Conculsions
Capomulin and Ramicane are the only two drugs over 200 treatments per mouse. 
Both therapies are the two shown to improve the tumor volume for each mouse treated. 
There is a positive correlation noted between mouse weight and tumor volume.